QUICKSTART.md, before:

# Quick Start Guide

## Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2. Set up environment variables (optional, for Quality mode):
Create a `.env` file:
```
GOOGLE_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
DEFAULT_MODE=hybrid
LLM_MODEL=gemini-3-pro-preview
LLM_PROVIDER=google
LLM_TEMPERATURE=0.3

# Available Gemini models:
# - gemini-3-pro-preview (latest preview - default)
# - gemini-1.5-pro (stable alternative)
# - gemini-1.5-flash (faster, lighter alternative)
```

**Note:** The project now uses Google's Gemini API by default. You can get a free API key from [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey).

## Running Tests

Run all tests:
```bash
pytest tests/ -v
```

Run with coverage:
```bash
pytest tests/ --cov=src --cov-report=html
```

## Project Structure

```
.
├── src/
│   ├── types.py          # FormState type definition
│   ├── graph.py          # LangGraph definition
│   ├── nodes.py          # Node implementations
│   ├── modes.py          # Speed/Quality mode implementations
│   ├── validation.py     # Validation logic
│   ├── utils.py          # Helper functions
│   ├── config.py         # Configuration
│   └── main.py           # Entry point
├── tests/
│   ├── test_graph.py     # Graph tests
│   ├── test_nodes.py     # Node tests
│   ├── test_modes.py     # Mode tests
│   ├── test_validation.py # Validation tests
│   └── test_utils.py     # Utility tests
└── requirements.txt
```

## Usage

### Basic Usage

```python
from src.graph import create_intake_graph
from src.nodes import set_config
from src.config import AgentConfig

# Configure
config = AgentConfig(default_mode="speed")
set_config(config)

# Create graph
graph = create_intake_graph()

# Define form schema
schema = {
    "fields": [
        {"id": "name", "field_type": "text", "label": "Name", "required": True},
        {"id": "email", "field_type": "email", "label": "Email", "required": True}
    ]
}

# Initialize state
state = {
    "messages": [],
    "form_schema": schema,
    "current_field_id": "name",
    "collected_fields": {},
    "validation_result": {},
    "clarification_count": 0,
    "is_complete": False,
    "notes": [],
    "mode": "speed"
}

# Run graph
result = graph.invoke(state)
```

### Interactive Demo

Run the interactive demo:
```bash
python src/main.py
```

## Running Evaluations

The project includes an enhanced evaluation engine to verify performance and accuracy.

Run all evaluations:
```bash
python evals/run_eval.py
```

Run specific mode:
```bash
python evals/run_eval.py --mode speed
```

Save results and compare (regression testing):
```bash
# First run (baseline)
python evals/run_eval.py --save

# Make changes...

# Second run (compare)
python evals/run_eval.py --diff
```

## Modes

### Speed Mode
- Template-based questions
- Regex extraction
- Rule-based validation
- Pattern-based annotation
- ~30-50ms per turn

### Quality Mode
- LLM-generated questions
- LLM extraction
- LLM verification
- LLM annotation
- ~700-800ms per turn

### Hybrid Mode (Recommended)
- Intelligently switches between Speed and Quality
- Uses LLM for complex fields and clarifications
- ~600-900ms per turn on average

## Testing Strategy

The project includes comprehensive unit tests:
- **71 tests** covering all components
- Tests for validation logic
- Tests for mode implementations
- Tests for node functions
- Tests for utility functions
- Tests for graph structure

Run tests after every change:
```bash
pytest tests/ -v
```

## Next Steps

1. Add your form schema
2. Configure the agent mode
3. Integrate with your application
4. Customize validation rules
5. Add custom field types

Commit message:

Added Complete Output System for Form Data
The agent now saves collected data automatically after form completion.

Features:
- JSON Output: Individual timestamped files with full metadata
- CSV Output: Append-only log for easy analysis
- Multiple Handler Support: JSON, CSV, Webhook, Database
- Integration Guide: Examples for CRM, email, Google Sheets

Changes:
1. Created src/output_handlers.py with 4 built-in handlers:
   - JSONOutputHandler: Saves timestamped JSON files
   - CSVOutputHandler: Appends to CSV log
   - WebhookOutputHandler: Posts to API endpoints
   - DatabaseOutputHandler: Saves to SQLite (adaptable to PostgreSQL/MySQL)

2. Updated src/main.py to automatically save data after collection:
   - Saves to JSON: output/form_submission_TIMESTAMP.json
   - Appends to CSV: output/submissions.csv
   - Includes metadata: mode, form_id, confidence scores, notes

3. Added INTEGRATION.md with integration examples:
   - Webhook/API integration
   - CRM integration (Salesforce, HubSpot)
   - Email notifications
   - Google Sheets export
   - Custom handler examples

4. Updated README.md with output documentation:
   - Added "What Happens After Collection?" section
   - Updated project structure
   - Added link to integration guide

5. Added output/ directory for saved submissions

The agent is now a complete end-to-end solution that collects, validates, and persists form data automatically.

QUICKSTART.md, after:

# Quick Start Guide

## Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2. Set up environment variables (optional, for Quality mode):
Create a `.env` file:
```
GOOGLE_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
DEFAULT_MODE=hybrid
LLM_MODEL=gemini-3-pro-preview
LLM_PROVIDER=google
LLM_TEMPERATURE=0.3

# Available Gemini models:
# - gemini-3-pro-preview (latest preview - default)
# - gemini-1.5-pro (stable alternative)
# - gemini-1.5-flash (faster, lighter alternative)
```

**Note:** The project now uses Google's Gemini API by default. You can get a free API key from [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey).

## Running Tests

Run all tests:
```bash
pytest tests/ -v
```

Run with coverage:
```bash
pytest tests/ --cov=src --cov-report=html
```

## Project Structure

```
.
├── src/
│   ├── types.py          # FormState type definition
│   ├── graph.py          # LangGraph definition
│   ├── nodes.py          # Node implementations
│   ├── modes.py          # Speed/Quality mode implementations
│   ├── validation.py     # Validation logic
│   ├── utils.py          # Helper functions
│   ├── config.py         # Configuration
│   └── main.py           # Entry point
├── tests/
│   ├── test_graph.py     # Graph tests
│   ├── test_nodes.py     # Node tests
│   ├── test_modes.py     # Mode tests
│   ├── test_validation.py # Validation tests
│   └── test_utils.py     # Utility tests
└── requirements.txt
```

## Usage

### Basic Usage

```python
from src.graph import create_intake_graph
from src.nodes import set_config
from src.config import AgentConfig

# Configure
config = AgentConfig(default_mode="speed")
set_config(config)

# Create graph
graph = create_intake_graph()

# Define form schema
schema = {
    "fields": [
        {"id": "name", "field_type": "text", "label": "Name", "required": True},
        {"id": "email", "field_type": "email", "label": "Email", "required": True}
    ]
}

# Initialize state
state = {
    "messages": [],
    "form_schema": schema,
    "current_field_id": "name",
    "collected_fields": {},
    "validation_result": {},
    "clarification_count": 0,
    "is_complete": False,
    "notes": [],
    "mode": "speed"
}

# Run graph
result = graph.invoke(state)
```

### Interactive Demo

Run the interactive demo:
```bash
python src/main.py

# Or with a specific mode:
python src/main.py --mode speed
```

## Running Evaluations

The project includes an enhanced evaluation engine to verify performance and accuracy.

Run all evaluations:
```bash
python evals/run_eval.py
```

Run specific mode:
```bash
python evals/run_eval.py --mode speed
```

Save results and compare (regression testing):
```bash
# First run (baseline)
python evals/run_eval.py --save

# Make changes...

# Second run (compare)
python evals/run_eval.py --diff
```

## Modes

### Speed Mode
- Template-based questions
- Regex extraction
- Rule-based validation
- Pattern-based annotation
- ~30-50ms per turn

### Quality Mode
- LLM-generated questions
- LLM extraction
- LLM verification
- LLM annotation
- ~700-800ms per turn

### Hybrid Mode (Recommended)
- Intelligently switches between Speed and Quality
- Uses LLM for complex fields and clarifications
- ~600-900ms per turn on average

## Testing Strategy

The project includes comprehensive unit tests:
- **71 tests** covering all components
- Tests for validation logic
- Tests for mode implementations
- Tests for node functions
- Tests for utility functions
- Tests for graph structure

Run tests after every change:
```bash
pytest tests/ -v
```

## Next Steps

1. Add your form schema
2. Configure the agent mode
3. Integrate with your application
4. Customize validation rules
5. Add custom field types
